Ah
I said Hyun in charge of twenty years of 4minute
In the first year, but it faces hard to repair in three learning perspective
I'll do it
My mother planted it because of the asymmetric light that I 've done so far.
Hello. I've spoken French.
I got rich on the phone. It was the best spending on the street.
I'm 20 years old, 8-day visit to conduct
I've been listening to 60 Giga since I was 17.
Itguyo know everything's figure should continue to age 14 or genre I had
I want to change the glory of that heart
The coming year, two gonna think this good
Oh, like the public to fully 1g're famous
I will work hard because there are countless numbers of categories .
uh
Oh, it's a chick chicken
Over
give
Ah
on
give
here
woo
to
lee
wee
give
oh oh oh oh
wherever whatever
oo ah
I'll have to assume the hall.
I really hope the place is fine.
Charisma was the best on the base and the youngest participants
Tongue I think you chose a dance that fits the image of LaCie.
And you were a good dancer as well .
And I think you really understand the fax tack,
It seemed to be cool in October very widely utilizing the gun space.
I look forward to next week 1
It was light. It was a visual Jesus.
It 's all over the world .
It's too much for the boys to depend on the village.
I think you picked a good outfit to put on Hyun-a c image.
I think your two fresh dances did not stand out in the last stage.
Alget I'm in Haeju times
Please refer to the information on the right to the audience overwhelming 1
Conclusion I do not know if it's coming to power.
The elderly seems to have a different point from a failed shot and sports dancing.
Where is the charm of dance
One voice is different from beginning to end.
Maybe I'll appreciate a couple of relaxing months .
It is c7 point of the present state of Nanjingju .
Second story
Sulfuric acid 5 c 6.2 Bury
It is Bash Shinan.
Six points .